Weekly Checklist AVC team

Week 1 Checklist

ALL MEMBERS - AVC plan
ALL MEMBERS - AVC hand in 
Bruce - Arrange team meetings
Bruce - Check all have signed the agreement
Andre, Eevin, Bruce, Kelvin  - Chassis design and hardware discussion
Kelvin - Assisted with hardware design 
Hayden - Produce code for camera recognition 
Sophie - Produce code for camera recognition 
Andre - Set-up team github repository 
Andre - Learning how to use CAD
Eevin - Learning how to use CAD

Week 1 Review

Everyone in the group completed their assigned task
Our first team meeting was this week, all members attended
Kelvin will assist team members who need help until testing is required
Bruce will assist team members who need help

Week 2 Checklist

Hayden - Finish camera code
Sophie - Finish camera code
Kelvin - Test camera code
Hayden - Produce move forward code
Sophie - Produce move forward code
Kelvin - Test move forward code
Andre - Print out some sort of base to test camera and wheels
Eevin - Helping out Andre with the design 
Bruce - Arrange team meeting 
Bruce - Check team member progresses
Bruce - Plan for following week ( check list )

Week 2 Review 
Bruce was assisting Andre in designing the chassis, so Kelvin typed up checklist and review
Sophie wasn’t here on Tuesday due to illness ( informed all members prior ) 
Hayden finished the camera code, and the wheels going forward
Kelvin and Hayden briefly tested the camera code and forward moving code (not on chasis) 
Bruce and Andre made a basic chassis in order for test runs without the design needing to be complete.
On friday Hayden and Sophie got the code running remotely from a lab computer, and got the base chassis running on the line with general success.

Week 3 Checklist
goal for this week is to get through quad 2, take the swivel line better.
get some hardware designed and printed,(new plans for making the prototype better for the final test.)
Finish and submit progress report. (Due 22nd may midnight)

Week 3 Review:
tested and tweaked camera so it could take the line better.
hardware failed as we were missing people and also couldnt meet up on friday due to tutorials taken priority. (need to arrange new time and day to meet)
prototype is working well and has allowed the coders and testers to trial what they have done, also has let the boys doing the chassis more time to learn freecad.

Week 4 checklist:
Hayden/Sophie: getting code to do majority of quad 3, allowing the robot to make turns and decisions based on the intersections.
Kelvin: test and review code, following up with hayden and sophie for changes if need be.
Andre/Eevin: Design a plan of new chassis and print and draw up designs that could hold battery and sensors for quad 4.
Bruce: arrange a new meeting time, (not friday) and assist with all so goals can be reached. planning and designing new parts for hardware boys.
High priority: Getting Freecad under control and getting parts printed. 


